adding startup instructions (#2924)
ChainSafe/forest: README.md

❯ docker run --init -it --rm --entrypoint forest-cli ghcr.io/chainsafe/forest:latest --help
```

> Next, run a Forest node in a CLI window. E.g. [Run calibration network](https://chainsafe.github.io/forest/docker.html#create-a-forest-node-running-calibration-network-then-list-all-connected-peers)
> 
> Thereafter, in another CLI tab you will be able to use the `forest-cli` through the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, run a Forest node in a CLI window. E.g. [Run calibration network](https://chainsafe.github.io/forest/docker.html#create-a-forest-node-running-calibration-network-then-list-all-connected-peers)

Thereafter, in another CLI tab, you will be able to use the `forest-cli` through the following command:
```

❯ docker run --init -it --rm --entrypoint forest-cli ghcr.io/chainsafe/forest:latest --help
```

Next, run a Forest node in a CLI window. E.g.
[Run calibration network](https://chainsafe.github.io/forest/docker.html#create-a-forest-node-running-calibration-network-then-list-all-connected-peers)

> Thereafter, in another CLI tab, you will be able to use the `forest-cli` through
> the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thereafter, in another terminal, you will be able to use the `forest-cli` binary directly by launching `bash` in the `forest` container:
```
